All right, so it's time now to instal
the Java Development Kit.
Now we're going to be using an open source version
of a Java Development Kit, the Open JDK
and that's creatable version we're using
is created by Amazon and they call it Amazon Corretto.
We'll be using JDK version 11 in this course
and not later versions.
In a nutshell, version 11 is the LTS,
or long term support version of Java.
Now if you're wondering why we're using Amazon Corretto
and why we're using JDK 11, I've got two videos
on YouTube, check those out.
They're in the resource section of this video.
They give you the reasoning why we're using
Amazon Corretto and why we're using JDK version 11.
And look consider subscribing to the channel
while you are there as well,
because I'm releasing regular programming tips of the day
and career advice, et cetera,
separating that from the videos in this course.
But getting back to this course though,
there are Amazon Corretto videos, installation videos
for the Java Development Kit, for Windows, Mac and Linux
in this section.
And in addition, for IntelliJ, there's also videos
for the Windows platform, Mac and also for Linux as well.
So watch the relevant video for your operating system
and once you've done that,
for both the JDK and IntelliJ IDEA,
there's then a single video for you to watch,
irrespective of the operating system you're running
and that gives you some configuration,
or an overview of the configuration steps you need to take
within IntelliJ, to get it all working together.
So make sure you check out that video,
after you've installed both the JDK and IntelliJ IDEA.
All right so that's it.
Let's get stuck into it in the next video.